\." Manpage for nssltofd
\." Author of the nssltof package : sendai <c> 2013.
.TH nssltofd 1M "05 Jun 2013" "SunOS 5.10" "NSSLTOF package"
.SH NAME
nssltofd - NSS 'ldap' to 'files' sync daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
nssltofd [-c <filename>] [-svh]

.SH DESCRIPTION
nssltofd is a daemon which will periodically sync the configured NSS databases (passwd/shadow/group)
from LDAP using the native LDAP configuration within the OS into local files, which then can be called
via the 'issc' nsswitch module. This package is part of the NSSLTOF package which is an optional and
harmless replacement for having 'ldap' in nsswitch.conf.

NSSLTOF is registered as application/iss/nss-ldap-to-files in the SMF.

Startup :

# svcadm enable application/iss/nss-ldap-to-files

Shutdown :

# svcadm disable application/iss/nss-ldap-to-files

If you have 'ldap' in nsswitch.conf, your NSS functions depend on the network and on the LDAP server. In
case you are not satisified with 'ldap' (there can be many reasons why would this happen), you can install
NSSLTOF package,  run the daemon for continues sync between 'ldap' and the local cache files, then just
replace the 'ldap' keyword in nsswitch.conf with 'issc', and your NSS will use local cache files instead of
direct LDAP.
.SH SECURITY
.LP
nssltofd must be run as root, since it will update cache files (/etc/<backend>.cache) and also will read /var/ldap/ldap_client_file for attribute map customization.
.SH OPTIONS
.LP
The following options are supported: 
.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-c <config file>\fR\fR
.sp .6
.RS 4n
Specify an alternate config file. Default is to use /opt/ISSnssl2f/etc/nssl2f.conf
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-s\fR\fR
.ad
.sp .6
.RS 4n
Standalone mode. nssltofd will stay in the foreground. The default is that it will go into background
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-v\fR\fR
.ad
.sp .6
.RS 4n
Print version and exit
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-h\fR\fR
.ad
.sp .6
.RS 4n
Print help and exit
RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-v\fR\fR
.ad
.sp .6
.RS 4n
Print version and exit

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBissc\fR(1), \fBnssl2f.conf\fR(4)
.PP
.ce
sendai, <andras.spitzer@ge.com>
.SH FILES 
/opt/ISSnssl2f/etc/nssl2f.conf
.br
/etc/passwd.cache
.br
/etc/shadow.cache
.br
/etc/group.cache
.br
